[Self-introduction link](https://youtu.be/tZRpk8ekNUc)

Hello, my name is Ilya, I am from Odessa, and I really like dealing with computers in general. And it’s one of the reasons, why I am pursuing the Fronted Developer career. I can describe myself as a fast learner and person, that always open for something new. My core qualities are diligence, curiosity and flexibility, which help me in accomplishing assigned tasks in a most efficient manner.  
I am recent master of cybersecurity, graduated from State University of Intellectual Technologies and Telecommunications (formerly Odessa National Academy of Telecommunications). Generally speaking, it helped me to develop further such all-around versatile IT-skills as understanding of computer science, usage of programming principles and knowledge of English language. But then, on latter courses it went all straight to the cryptography and network administrating, and that was… kinda boring. At some moment, while looking back and recalling experienced at the university, I thought for myself, that the most interesting task I had fun with was a building website from scratch on Django with team of fellow students. Bearing this in mind, I decided to choose it as a theme for my final project and successfully defended it. And now we are here…  
There are many different jobs related to website building, so here’s a question – why specifically Frontend? Well, I just really like to make visuals. Maybe it’s my art school education echoing from the past, or consequences of being born in family of artists. For me, things are much more fun if you can interact with them in a most natural way possible. And when it’s all combined with IT – it’s an interesting synergy to work with, that lets hell of a room for a creative approach.  
Thank you for your attention!
